Update multi-factor-authentication-enforcement.md - July 2022 (#96354)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/multi-factor-authentication-enforcement.md

Defender for Cloud's MFA recommendations currently don't support PIM accounts. You can add these accounts to a CA Policy in the Users/Group section.

### Can I exempt or dismiss some of the accounts?

> The capability to exempt some accounts that don’t use MFA isn't currently supported. There are plans to add this capability, and the information can be viewed in our [Important upcoming changes](https://docs.microsoft.com//azure/defender-for-cloud/upcoming-changes#multiple-changes-to-identity-recommendations) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The capability to exempt some accounts that don’t use MFA isn't currently supported. There are plans to add this capability, and the information can be viewed in our [Important upcoming changes](/azure/defender-for-cloud/upcoming-changes#multiple-changes-to-identity-recommendations) page.
```

> The capability to exempt some accounts that don’t use MFA isn't currently supported. The capability will be available on the [new identity recommendations planned to be release during September 2022](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/upcoming-changes#multiple-changes-to-identity-recommendations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The capability to exempt some accounts that don’t use MFA isn't currently supported. There are plans to add this capability, and the information can be viewed in our [Important upcoming changes](https://docs.microsoft.com//azure/defender-for-cloud/upcoming-changes#multiple-changes-to-identity-recommendations) page.
```

### Are there any limitations to Defender for Cloud's identity and access protections?
There are some limitations to Defender for Cloud's identity and access protections:

> - Identity recommendations aren't available for subscriptions with more than 6,000 accounts. In such cases, such subscriptions will be listed under "not applicable" tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Identity recommendations aren't available for subscriptions with more than 6,000 accounts. In these cases, these types of subscriptions will be listed under Not applicable tab.
```
